MAHLORI MANGANYI REPORT 2020

20 January 2020

first day of the work we are being introduced what ICEP all about
and what we should expect from the ICEP.
Things we be doing the whole semester

Website
Mobile application
Technical support
Git and Github

Languages with be using to accomplish the whole prosess

Angularjs
Nodejs
Ionic

We should come out of ICEP knowing all of the things mentioned
above

21-23 January

Induction and playing games

24 January

I Didnt come to work.
All of us we didn't come except the staff members

27 January reports

We learned about github
We cloned the repository from the github into our local machine
After we config our global user name and emails
The challenge here was push it back
It was telling us about the unable to access the info simply because
we didn't have a repository that we need to send it to.
Later we were ask to come up with the system..
Then we managed to gather our thoughts and we came up with fruit
and veg system.. We scrump it down, we managed to see what is needed on the
system..

28 January 2020 report

Based on our system we assigned ourselves with work and learning
angularjs and nodejs..As programmers the are people who are working with landing page,some are working with admin page, some are working on login page..
I am sign to do the Register page..
Challenges that I have now is to learn angularjs and nodejs.

03 February

Presentation day
We manage to run frontend and backend but the problem was to connect the api of both backend and frontend.. We failed to connect the two.. But we present our system..
And the other groups managed to help us how we can fix the problem we have

04 February

Today we're starting a new chapter of learning mobile app we
learning ironic

05 February

We are allocated to our new groups, where our group we are assigned
to do gitfbox app.
Also we talked with all our BA how the system should look like

06 February

Today we are learning about scrum and to understand how it works
The lesson was all about scrum and agile methods.. How we can use
agile on our work place.

07 February

Researching about the gift box system
And we are waiting for the full description of the system how the
system suppose to look like from the client.

10 February report

Starting our first sprint Developers and BAs are planning product
backlog of the system. What exactly is needed on the system.
Our system is giftbox application. So we looking what exactly we going
to have for the entire system

11 February report

Researching about the system and also updating the Trello,
allocating work on the Trello

12 February

Continuation of implementation and daily meetings..
We having a daily stand up with our scrum master.
He wants to know how far are we with our work

13 February

I'm done with the landing page but just to find out that some of my
colors are not the same with the one BA used.. And another
challenge is my slides how is not behaving the way I want.. So I had
to change some of the stuff to go along with everyone.

14 February report

Starting over my landing page and asking some pictures from one of
the BA members

17 February report

We are merging the system backend and frontend and finishing up things for friday presentation
I also want some pictures to place them on the landing page
Fixing the slideshow 


18 February report

connecting backend and frontend and the database also changing some variable so that backend and database it can crosspond with each other

19 February report

Continuing with connection and error handling everything is not going well but hopefully will go through

20 February report

Some of the members are going for scrum session
We are fixing add to wish and add to cart buttons and the pages
We are fixing our connection and we're having a bit challenge hope will be okey before we knock off
We are having a daily talk with our BAs and see if everything is on point

21 February report

Presentation day of all groups
We presented well and our system is running well but we need to fix some of the stuff

24 February report

We're about to meet with the BAs to review all the work that is done and testing what we have on the system

25 February report

We are here at work but before we do anything strike disturbed us
So the day is ruined because of strike

26-28 February report 

Strike

2-3 March report

I had to fix some stuff at home, some family matters the whole weekend i was there...
but the work stuff never stopped, doing research and fixing my landing page.

4 March report

On this day i am allocated on a new group, meaning i have to drop the landing page of the Giftbox and start the new system of the other group.
Fortunately Giftbox they gonna use my landing page that i've created.
Our new group now we're doing the Declaration system 
The sytem declares every item that can be used in the campus, fridge, speakers, ect, every item that has a serial number and student they will able to use in the campus
We are using php language as a backend, and HTML/bootstrap as a frontend
Also we started with whole group to draw everything down and the documentation

With the new group we cross night to start up with the work, we find ourselves half done with the sprint one work
On this system i'm working with backend and frontend fullstacker.

05 March report

In the morning we're going home because we were here the whole night busy working, so we're not working today

06 March report

Declaration group meet up to review the work that has been done so far
We found out that some of the stuff the BAs they don't like so we have to change it and do it in the way that we all agrees
Also we're having a daily meet
 
 



 