week 1
20 January - (Monday)
The induction took place and I was introduced to topics we were going to project managemen.


21 January - (Tuesday)
Mr Nona introduced multimedia design as the induction was continuing.


22 January - (Wednesday)

i participated into team building programs with my collegues.

23 January - (Thursday)

I filled the employment forms and countinued with the introduction to Slack and Trello.


24 January - (Friday)
Day off

week 2

27 January - (Monday)

I was introduced to git,github and taught how to use git,how to clone, how to push,
and i cloned a project from Mr Nyambeni to create a file 
and folder to write our names in. 

28 January - (Tuesday)

I was assigned a task to create a registration page from the backend.

29 January - (Wednesday)
I did a serch on the project we chose to do.

30 January - (Thursday)

I registered for IDC30BT

31 January - (Friday)

week 3

03 February - (Monday)

04 February - (Tuesday)

05 February - (Wednesday)
We presentated a group system which we started on 27 January 2020. 

06 February - (Thursday)
Attended Scrum session from 8am to 4 pm


07 February - (Friday) 

I started the research on my group project which is Resident Management System which students and resident owners 
can register and login to book or insert their residences into the system.

week 4
10 February - (Monday)

we begin the daily scrum and i was assigned to do the back-end part for the admin page.

11 February - (Tuesday)

My group decided to change the task i was assigned to, and assigned me to code the back-end
part for the forgot password for students password validation. I begin by researching how to validate the 
password and how to create token for email in Nodejs. 

12 February - (Wednesday)
I begin by coding the forgot password back-end for students.

13 February - (Thursday)

I begin by coding the forgot password back-end for the landlords.
 
14 February - (Friday)

i edited the coding of the forgot password back-end for the landlords.
 
week 5

17 February - (Monday)

The second week of the Sprint begun
I did research on Angular and Ionic.

18 February - (Tuesday)

I did a research on the code to send an email to a user
if the user has forgot the password.

19 February - (Wednesday)

I added the email function to the forgot password back-end for students.

20 February - (Thursday)

I added the email function to the forgot password back-end for the landlords.
 
21 February - (Friday)

The end of the first Sprint
We presented the to the groups 


24 february - (Monday)
i had a meeting with my group, it was about scrum retrospective regarding Sprint 2 tasks allocation, and
we also had a talk about how did our previous presentation go.

25 february - (Tuesday) 
TUT students had a strike, so we were told to leave the workplace for our safety.

26 february - (Wednesday)
did not report for work due to strike

27 february - (Thursday)
we had an agreement with the team that we connect our front-end with the back-end, so we experienced errors...

28 february - (Friday)
continued with connecting the two but we left work early.

02 March - (Monday)
i came to a realization that user authentication was not really complete, so i had to run back to work on it again

03 March - (Tuesday)
i worked on the backend for the forget and reset password which i covered 3/4 of the task  

04 March - (Wednesday)
I was changed into  another group to do another system, and i started to learn php.

05 March - (Thursday)

i coded the index page using php.

06 March - (Friday)

i did some research on how to validate user data using php. 